cabin 0: 1st passenger is occupied by a s: Rs 34
cabin 0: 2nd passenger is empty 
cabin 0: 3rd passenger is empty 
cabin 1: 1st passenger is empty 
cabin 1: 2nd passenger is empty 
cabin 1: 3rd passenger is empty 
cabin 2: 1st passenger is empty 
cabin 2: 2nd passenger is empty 
cabin 2: 3rd passenger is empty 
cabin 3: 1st passenger is empty 
cabin 3: 2nd passenger is empty 
cabin 3: 3rd passenger is empty 
cabin 4: 1st passenger is empty 
cabin 4: 2nd passenger is empty 
cabin 4: 3rd passenger is empty 
cabin 5: 1st passenger is empty 
cabin 5: 2nd passenger is empty 
cabin 5: 3rd passenger is empty 
cabin 6: 1st passenger is empty 
cabin 6: 2nd passenger is empty 
cabin 6: 3rd passenger is empty 
cabin 7: 1st passenger is empty 
cabin 7: 2nd passenger is empty 
cabin 7: 3rd passenger is empty 
cabin 8: 1st passenger is empty 
cabin 8: 2nd passenger is empty 
cabin 8: 3rd passenger is empty 
cabin 9: 1st passenger is empty 
cabin 9: 2nd passenger is empty 
cabin 9: 3rd passenger is empty 
cabin 10: 1st passenger is empty 
cabin 10: 2nd passenger is empty 
cabin 10: 3rd passenger is empty 
cabin 11: 1st passenger is empty 
cabin 11: 2nd passenger is empty 
cabin 11: 3rd passenger is empty 
